and good afternoon
that's
good afternoon and controlling the goods
financials that are paid
Well, there's good happening
there they have carnitas lilos michoacán sun
google do not believe I'm the padrote not
it's this but it's not tomorrow by the way
I want to have a little while
stable good afternoon with the lady and
my hernandez
good afternoon, I am the person who speaks
it's time to report on about
the lounge
report your games to create a channel
electronic good to start that's the
What capacity does the room have?
an event for 700 people very well
I could go see him as he can wait
let's see
Live
electronically it will happen to me
someone but to see but that allows you
good
that they heard then 30 from the sea
pregnant
fair rabbit
good yes good lady to see excuse me
what I'm going to comment but I think
a lack of education miss I was
left on the phone
yes or yes you can not understand me pass
me with his boss or with someone was given a
very important person miss
to see to see we go by parts and can
you attend or you do not want to attend me if
Do you know who is how you know?
who is he talking to?
I do not know no of course not
know if I would not do this this rudeness
The lady is talking left me
last line
I need twelve events Miss
I can attend or can not attend to me
he will not attend to me
sorry
but I do not think more important than me
knows one thing that I 'm not going to talk to
an expert klain awareness expert of her
phone your boss please and I will
report you and hernán really is going to
know you from me you will find out
of me will attend me or will not I
attend
please write down the good name then
let me calm down let's calm down just the same
you my name please
is that so much can not be possible
misfortune please leave me good
Miss place my phone because what
I noticed please again
good
to my phone 83 43 20 21 if you are going to
ask for my secretary
It's Miss Salome
they will see
the second order of it is all with
double of all
you repeat the data please miss
today helping in care miss no
he wants to see me I'm reserving
miss today does not have a used thong
I will deparó lip reading
miss
I will answer hear you do not have an attack
to put it
240 points 24